Update README.md (#250)
mongodb-js/kerberos: README.md

    - arm64
- Windows
    - x64
 
#### Compilation

> Kerberos may compile on platforms in addition to the prebuilds that are provided.  These platforms are considered **unsupported**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kerberos may compile on some platforms in addition to the ones for which prebuilds are provided. These platforms are considered **unsupported**.
```
